DOCS-7250 copy to edits (#38)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/edits/getting-started-service-mesh.adoc

= Get Started with Service Mesh
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, cluster, get started

image::get-started-with-service-mesh-breadcrumb.png[75%, 75%]

> Use the information in this section to understand how to prepare, install, and use Anypoint Service Mesh.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace all text references to sections, topics, this document, and so forth, per style guide (self-reference).
```suggestion
To get started with Anypoint Service Mesh, you must understand how to prepare, install, and use it.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> *Step 1:* Review Prerequisites--Before you begin, you must carefully review the requirements listed in this section. The prerequisites include, software applications, roles and permissions, and licensing requirements. Omitting to fulfill any one of these requirements might result in an incomplete or failed installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Step 1:* Review Prerequisites
Before you begin, you must carefully review the prerequisites for software applications, roles and permissions, and licensing. Otherwise, your installation will be incomplete or fail altogether.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> *Step 2:* Download and Install Anypoint Service Mesh--After you complete reviewing the prerequisites, you can download the Anypoint Service Mesh client and perform the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Step 2:* Download and Install Anypoint Service Mesh
After you complete the prerequisites, you can download the Anypoint Service Mesh client and perform the installation.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> *Step 3:* Configure Anypoint Service Mesh--You are not yet ready to start using Anypoint Service Mesh until you provision the Anypoint Service Mesh adapter and bind the service namespace with the adapter. After you complete these steps, you can start managing your APIs using Service Mesh. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Step 3:* Configure Anypoint Service Mesh
Provision the Anypoint Service Mesh adapter and bind the service namespace with the adapter.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> *Step 4:* Manage APIs with Anypoint Service Mesh--You are now ready to experience the value that Anypoint Service Mesh brings in managing your APIs. You can apply policies and security standards to your APIs and manage access and control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Step 4:* Manage APIs with Anypoint Service Mesh
You are now ready to apply policies and security standards to your APIs and manage access and control.
```
Too much marketing jargon

Author: Done! Thanks!
